Add Slice Sink (#47)
bitfield/script: README.md

	- [Bytes](#bytes)
	- [CountLines](#countlines)
	- [Read](#read)

> 	- [Slice](#slice)

Reviewer: This should come after SHA256Sum() if they're in alphabetical order, shouldn't it?

Unlike most sinks, `Read()` does not read the whole contents of the pipe (unless the supplied buffer is big enough to hold them).

> ## Slice

Reviewer: Again, let's move this after the documentation of SHA256Sum().

> `Slice()`, returns each line of the pipe as a Slice item, plus an error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Slice()`, returns the contents of the pipe as a slice of strings, one element per line, plus an error:
```

> `Slice()`, returns the contents of the pipe as a slice of strings, one element per line, plus an error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Slice()` returns the contents of the pipe as a slice of strings, one element per line, plus an error:
```
